Support `main` branch in `skuba init` (#1335)
seek-oss/skuba: docs/cli/init.md

```

**skuba** has committed its initial template files and configured a remote `origin` for you.
You should create the corresponding repository on GitHub and push to it.

> Replace `master` with another default branch like `main` as appropriate:
> 
> ```shell
> git push --set-upstream origin master

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Replace `main` with your default branch name as appropriate:

```shell
git push --set-upstream origin main
```
